thank you for coming we're gonna make
some history together today Steve Jobs
had one speed full on I saw my first
computer when I was 12 I was so
fascinated by this time magazine says
single-handedly created the industry
working in this garage steve jobs and
steve wozniak built the first Apple
Computer board it was the magic we could
influence the world hello i am back in
touch you want to have a foot in both
worlds he wanted to be the renegade but
he also wanted to be legit this is a
21st century bicycle he was on a mission
can we help you express yourself in
richer ways he made the INA can you see
it he made the ipod he made the iphone
and as awesome he's me everything his
stuff was beloved but it wasn't that she
was beloved he was paid seven thousand
told me we were paid 700 and he wrote me
a check for 350 and that hurts because
we were friends Steve did create reality
distortion around him he could convince
people to do something they thought was
impossible her work was intense the
commitment needed to do it was intense I
lost my wife I lost my children he says
if you choose to leave my family I will
personally take you down this is a story
that's amazing
got theft stolen property extortion
their sex in there he knows he's the
father somebody should make a movie out
of this creativity is a lot about
anarchy he was a study in contrast
beautiful haunting brilliant he was not
that much fun most of the time but there
are those moments when suddenly he's the
only person could ever done the minute
that you understand that you can poke
life that you can change you can mold it
you'll never be the same again what
would you say about the responsibilities
of power power what is that
you